what's going on guys it's your boy ADF
cover and two things one this is a
battlefield 4 weapon list of what we
know now not what is leaked I don't feel
like putting late information and I
don't want to put any leaked information
on my channel because it's not really
accurate you know leaked information you
want sources from battlefield or from
you know actual in-game footage so
that's what I have for you guys today
vehicles and weapons I'm that we know
now they're going to be in there and my
thoughts of the next weapons and
vehicles of battlefield 4 that are soon
to come and also the giveaway I'm going
to actually announce the winner on
Tuesday because I want to wait for more
of my subscribers to watch my video
because i know i have over a thousand
subscribers and yeah you know my average
view um views is actually 100 so i'm
waiting for the rest of you guys watch
it and actually I you know put down here
on state so I could pick out the winner
and so we can all be happy and when free
stuff but anyways let's go down the list
of the confirmed weapons these are
actually in weapons that you've seen in
this trailer or on that there is actual
footage of actually as well and the
first weapon that we see or on that is
actually seen in our cup of weapons that
we do see is the m16 of course we all
know it's going to be there with the m
145 scope the next weapon is the m249 or
very i have the m249 as a male soldiers
carrying it on the male soldier in the
beginning of the 17 minute demo actually
when he's running across the street um
and then there's the Rex I'm of course
in the intro in the beginning of the
video of the rex is saying the mp4 12
rex is at the start of the trailer the
m320 portable grenade of course is seen
fighting the mi-28 and the m32 mg of the
automatic grenade shooter which i pray
to god that is not in multiplayer
whatsoever i I sincerely do the aek-971
is also spotted more than once in the
tray
in the Amish Oh gameplay when he's
knifing that guy on on the top building
whatever you guys will probably see in
the gameplay I can't do footage of it
because there's still the NDA it out so
I can't show footage of this but I have
screenshots and stuff like that so we're
you or you guys can go out and see it
it's not linked in the description below
um and what else the m4a1 is also seen
along with the AK up with the AK and
some of the vehicles are pretty quick
and you know vehicles that we probably
is seen of course we've seen the havoc
is going to be in here also in the
trailer if you guys haven't seen the
trailers you definitely should check
them out but the mi-28 attack
helicopters there a Russian VDV buggy
the American uh-1y venom on utility
chopper and the are HIV boat of course
um and also in the promotional art
there's a chinese type 88 there's a
chinese jet on j-20 there's a chinese wz
10 and there's an American lav along
with the American m1 Abraham and Amtrak
which is actually confirming these
weapons and vehicles are actually
confirmed because they're in actual
gameplay footage screenshots trailers on
but they might change um you know more
than likely they won't because it's
ready put in the game you know into the
trailers and stuff like that but
nothing's final you know everything
changes once the final game's release is
its when everything is final but so
these weapons are confirmed and I have a
very strange feeling that dice might
actually implement some weapons from
battlefield bad company 2 and to the mix
and I don't know that's just my strange
God's strange thinking that they should
definitely do it as well you know
because I I definitely want to see a
couple of weapons come back arm but
nonetheless also want to see some new
weapons that haven't been any
battlefield series arm you know like the
gal arm or the glue I mean the guilt the
Galil the ak-47 you know the regular
ak-47 I definitely want to see that as
well but uh other than that I think you
guys for watching the video I just
wanted to do a little video you know if
you guys an idea of the weapons and
us you know soon to come hopefully we'll
see more trailers in new law gameplay
about other weapons that are going to be
coming soon and other that thanks for
watching guys be sure to leave a thumbs
up if you did enjoy the video if I did
kind of strike your thoughts with my
different video today thanks for
watching guys peace